I don't need you to teach me how to do it yet
I'm afraid I'll get my hands dirty if I kill you.
Now you have two options.
What choice?
First, take your brother to surrender
Confess all the evil you have done
Our bet is void
second
die
Surrender or die
You choose.
I turned myself in.
plead guilty
Grown up
I still want to advise you
Don't trust anyone else
Are you not afraid that I will actually kill him?
Become a murderer
I believe
You won't.
Miss Lu's competition is not over yet
Three wins in three games to win
What's more, Liang Kaibo is a road in Dongying
It's useless to win him
What do you mean?
If I win, I will win
Just listen to you
And I'm going to take away the pain
Someone bring it up
Miss Du, do you know
Why does Dongying stand tall in underground survival?
Never lose
This is Dongying's latest lover technology
Transformed into Zeus